
*
* Sanity Check
*
*
   1. Run files through the quick HTML report
      a. Files with items that should and shouldn't be listed by AT (headings, links, images, form controls, etc.)
   2. Run files through the full HTML report
      a. Files that have items for every section and enable every column of the table displays
      b. Files that have items for every section and hide every posible hidden column from various table displays
   3. Run files through each inspector dialog
      a. Look for each type of value to be displayed in appropriate column
      b. Sort the table display various ways and verify correct item is displayed when a row is selected
      c. Verify the element highlighting is working as expected
      d. Verify each of the other buttons are working as expected.
   4. Run files through each highlighter type
      a. Verify the correct elements get highlighted
      b. Look for errors and warnings in the browser error logs
      c. Make sure the highlighter toggle works
      d. Make sure the install all feature works
      e. Make sure the remove all feature works
   5. Run the contrast checker tool through various files
      a. Verify the results
      b. Sort the table and verify the correct results are displayed when a row is selected
      c. Verify the highlight feature is working correctly.
      d. Verify the correct values get passed to the contrast tool
      e. Verify the other button features work as expected
   6. Play with the color contrast tool and verify that the features work as expected
      a. verify the results
   7. Run various pages through the Semantic View tool
      a. Make sure all expected content is displayed.
      b. Make sure content that should be missing is not displayed.
      c. Make sure form control highlighting works
      d. Make sure semantic highlighting works
   8. Focus Tracker
   9. Problem ID Checker
      a. Verify the results
      b. Sort the table and verify the correct results are displayed when a row is selected
      c. Verify the highlight feature is working correctly.
   10. Project Scanner
      a. Load project files and verify they load correctly.
      b. Import sitemaps and verify they load correctly.
      c. File Save As a project file and verify it saves correctly
      d. Export a project as csv and verify it exports correctly
      e. Verify the function of the project settings dialog
      f. Verify the delete URL deletes the correct URL no matter how sorted
      g. Verify the edit URL deletes the correct URL no matter how sorted
      h. Verify that the must match and must not match controls work correctly
      i. Run the scanner on several different sites and make sure it does not crash, it does not slow down, and no open/save dialogs appear
    11. Options dialog
      a. Test the saving of various options
      b. Test that the various options have the right effect.
      c. Dream up options that might cause conflicts, what happens then.
      d. What are the default options that appear when 
      
      


 QA Steps to perform before releases
   1) Check version info is correct
       - Examine 'version' variable in blr.W15yQC
       - Run HTML Report and examine report footer
       - Examine version info in About dialog
   2) Run through QA Test pages and check for expected results
   3) Run HTML report on major websites to verify no unexpected results or behavior
       - cnn.com
       - iub.edu
       - indiana.edu
       - nightly2.sakaiproject.org servers
       - iupui.edu
       - iuadapts.indiana.edu
       - examine results of running on: http://webaim.org/blog/four-keys-to-accessibility/, of running on wave beta results
       - compare results on running against FAE on several pages (link text, form control text, headings)
    4) Run through the Mozilla extension validator
    5) Run through a spell checker

 Steps to perform to issue release
    1) Upload to download section on github
    2) Update download links on the website
    2) Upload to Mozilla

 Steps to perform after a release
    1) Search google for new release by file name, by description text, on multiple computers
    2) Download new release from web site and install in multiple firefox versions
        - Verify basic functionality (sanity checks)
        - Verify version number is correct


      Compare inspector results against challenging websites, make sure page description makes sense
        Challenging website list:
          cnn.com
          google search home page
          google search results
          google news
          google groups various pages
          google mail
          google drive
          google spreadsheet
          sakai
          blackboard
          canvas
          desire2learn
          oncourse
          open accessibility examples
          thecn
          courseload
          coursesmart
          etext.illinois
          iu news

  *** QA Tools
    Perl script to check for QA status
      Scan overlay.properties file for entries
      Ignore entries on ignore.properties.lst
      Check for presence of property in the noteDetails array
      Check for presence in rest of overlay.js file and report function and note the line and function
      Check for presence of a QA file
      Inspect the QA file for a verified date
      Compare the verify date with cutoff date
